Retire C# 7.0 what's new (#27112)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/async/start-multiple-async-tasks-and-process-them-as-they-complete.md

static Task Main() => SumPageSizesAsync();
```

> The updated `Main` method is now considered an [Async main](../../../whats-new/csharp-version-history.md#c-version-70), which allows for an asynchronous entry point into the executable. It is expressed as a call to `SumPageSizesAsync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated `Main` method is now considered an [Async main](../../../../fundamentals/program-structure/main-command-line.md#async-main-return-values), which allows for an asynchronous entry point into the executable. It is expressed as a call to `SumPageSizesAsync`.
```

static Task Main() => SumPageSizesAsync();
```

> The updated `Main` method is now considered an [Async main](../../../whats-new/csharp-version-history.md#c-version-70), which allows for an asynchronous entry point into the executable. It is expressed a call to `SumPageSizesAsync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated `Main` method is now considered an [Async main](../../../../fundamentals/program-structure/main-command-line.md#async-main-return-values), which allows for an asynchronous entry point into the executable. It is expressed a call to `SumPageSizesAsync`.
```
